An old woman is the mastermind of a string of major heists. She got bored in her retirement community and figured well I'm not gonna live much longer, while don't I (move to Florida and) go back to crime? For you see, she was once a little boy. Her family didn't accept her as she was, she ended up on the street, but she was rescued. The local mob took her in, bought her some gender appropriate clothes, paid for the rudimentary gender therapy available at the time, and taught her all they knew about stealing from the rich. She was happy to help them with their activities, since they were the closest thing to a family she ever had. At some point, the police manage to apprehend her. They say, look, we'll absolve your criminal record if you rat on the mobsters, otherwise you're going to prison. Remembering the trauma she endured on the street, she becomes shaken enough to spill enough info that the police then use to bring in a few of the mob's best (or worst, depending how you look at it.) Both the police and the mob let her go, but the latter made it clear she was not welcome in that part of New Jersey anymore. She moves to south Jersey where she gets a respectable job. She starts practicing law as a public defender, then gets elected D.A. The tough-on-crime mayor pressures her to prosecute specific "bad actors" despite a lack of due process. She eventually caves, looks the other way, and a few guys who were questionably guilty go to prison. The mayor rewards her cooperation the next election cycle by endorsing a D.A. candidate much more ready to do his bidding. She looses, and retires from politics. After a fulfilling yet much less interesting third career, she decides to move into a local retirement community. 

A guy in his late twenties has turned to a life of crime almost by accident. He's always been terribly anxious, and that's kept him from spreading his wings. He turns to self-help, which then turns him to business coaching, which teaches him how selling out is actually a good thing and if you ain't cheatin', you ain't tryin'. That last part especially got to him and his corner cutting grew ever bolder. Somehow he meets the old woman thief and she becomes his unlikely mentor, trying to un-warp his mind and teach him about self-love while planning her biggest heist yet.

There's this guy who's so ruthlessly focused on efficiency that he threatened his own hand with being cut off if it didn't start performing up to the metrics he set for it. He later cut it off. This man is the CEO of Supermassive bank and he's only slightly less demanding of others as he is of himself.